Add C lettered article stubs from glossary (#3505)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Glossary/Comboburst/en.md

---
tags:
  - 
---

# Comboburst

*Combobursts* celebrate achieving a [combo milestone](/wiki/Glossary/Combo_Milestone).

> - For [osu!standard](/wiki/Game_Modes/osu!) and [osu!catch](/wiki/Game_Modes/osu!catch), a character will *burst* out from either the left or right side of the window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For [osu!standard](/wiki/Game_Modes/osu!) and [osu!catch](/wiki/Game_Modes/osu!catch), a character will burst out from either the left or right side of the window. By default, said character will be [pippi](/wiki/Mascots#-pippi).
```

> - For [osu!taiko](/wiki/Game_Modes/osu!taiko), a collection of flowers will *burst* behind pippidon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For [osu!taiko](/wiki/Game_Modes/osu!taiko), a collection of flowers will burst behind pippidon <!-- stubless term "pippidon" -->.
```

> - For [osu!mania](/wiki/Game_Modes/osu!mania), a character will *burst* from the right side of the stage (or left side or both if specified in the `skin.ini`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For [osu!mania](/wiki/Game_Modes/osu!mania), a character will burst from the right side of the stage by default.
```

> In addition to this, for osu!standard, osu!taiko, and osu!catch, stars will shoot out from either the left or right side of the playfield, for combos less than 100, then both sides for combos 100 or higher. For osu!mania, the stars will shoot out from the left and right sides of the stage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For osu!standard, osu!taiko, and osu!catch, stars will shoot out from either the left or right side of the playfield for combos less than 100x, then both sides simultaneously for combos 100x or higher. For osu!mania, the stars will shoot out from the left and right sides of the stage.
```

> Combobursts can be disabled in the options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Notice: Combo bursts can be disabled in the options.*
```
